**Engagement Agreement**

This Engagement Agreement (the “Engagement Agreement”) between **\_** (“Client”) and Triangle, LCA
(“Triangle”) sets forth a description of the Services referenced in the Services Agreement dated
<<MSA date>> (the “Services Agreement”) between the parties and by this reference incorporates
herein the terms and conditions set forth in the Services Agreement.  This Engagement Agreement
constitutes an independent, separate and enforceable agreement between the parties. In the event of
any conflict between the terms and conditions set forth in this Engagement Agreement and those set
forth in the Services Agreement, the terms and conditions set forth herein shall govern. Unless
otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings corresponding
thereto as set forth in the Services Agreement.

This is Client’s and Triangle’s Engagement Agreement.  Client agrees to read it and understand it,
and Client won't just sign it.  It contains details about the relationship between Client and
Triangle.

All parties enter this agreement with a spirit of friendly collaboration, an intention to work
diligently and move together toward excellent outcomes.

**Nature of Engagement**

The Client engages with Triangle for the following general activities/deliverables that include:

1. xxxxx
2. xxxxx
3. xxxxx

Additional activities/deliverables requested by Client will be billed at the rate of $>/hour (see
"Fees," below).

**Estimate**

Triangle will perform this work within the following limits:

The total Fees (as defined below) payable by Client in consideration of the Services will not be
more than $> USD total budget.

Regardless of accomplishment of Deliverables, Triangle will not exert more than > hours of work on
this Engagement and will work in good faith to accomplish the Deliverables in a minimum amount of
time.

Triangle estimates that the Services can be performed in accordance with the following milestones
and timelines:

a start date no later than >.

a total duration between project start and finish of not more than > calendar weeks.

OR

Triangle estimates that the Services can be performed in accordance with the following milestones
and timelines:

Over a period of <<#>> weeks of work.

Triangle estimates that the total Fees (as defined below) payable by Client in consideration of the
Services will be:

$>.

The deadline for the project is >. In the case that Client delays the completion of this project
past this deadline, Triangle reserves the right to invoice for and receive prompt payment for work
completed to-date, and to terminate the project at that point.

OR

Triangle estimates that the Services can be performed for **_ hours for a cost of $_** and will work
in good faith to accomplish the Deliverables in a minimum amount of time.

Client acknowledges and understands that the Services will be performed by Triangle on a “time and
materials” basis and that the foregoing estimates are merely an educated guess on the part of
Triangle. Client acknowledges and understands that it shall be obligated to pay the Fees that accrue
hereunder even if the Fees exceed the estimate set forth herein or the Services are not performed
strictly in accordance with the estimate for the milestones and timeline set forth herein. Triangle
makes no representations or warranties regarding of any kind regarding the estimates.

Rate And Terms of Payment

1. Rate. In consideration of Triangle’s performance of the Services, Client shall pay to Triangle
   professional services fees at the hourly (prorated for partial hours rounded to the nearest
   quarter hour) rate (the “Fees”) of  $XXX per hour per person. Triangle will charge to Client $300
   per hour for any time spent following up on unpaid, overdue invoices.

2. Payment Terms. At Triangle we use weekly invoices as a quick turn-around of an accounting of
   hours. Sending an accounting of hours every week, and having that kind of visibility and
   approval, gives us assurance that we're heading in a direction that our clients feel good about.
   As such, Client shall pay to Triangle the Fees as follows:

a) The initial deposit of $> (the “Deposit”) shall be due and payable upon the execution of this
Engagement Agreement to be applied against the final Fees that accrue during the course of
Triangle’s performance of the Services. The Deposit will be reflected in the final invoice(s) for
this Engagement, such that no payment will be due to Triangle by Client for the final $> worth of
work. Triangle shall deliver to Client an invoice reflecting the Deposit upon the execution of this
Engagement Agreement.

b) On a weekly basis thereafter, Triangle shall deliver to Client an invoice reflecting the
aggregate Fees accrued at the applicable rate(s) specified in Section 1 above during the preceding
calendar week.  Client shall pay invoices reflecting Fees accrued at the rate specified in Section 1
above on "Net 14 Days" terms. Invoices that are not paid within 14 calendar days will incur a 2.25%
finance charge compounding every 14 day overdue period.

OR

1. Rate. In consideration of Triangle’s performance of the Services, Client shall pay to Triangle
   professional services fees at the hourly (prorated for partial hours rounded to the nearest
   quarter hour) rate (the “Fees”) of  $XXX per hour per person. In the case that Client does not
   meet the Payment Terms, below, Triangle reserves the right to increase the Fees $225 per hour per
   person, as per Section 2e, below.

2. Payment Terms. At Triangle we like to use a pay-forward arrangement as a valve for having work
   approved beforehand. We use weekly invoices as a quick turn-around of an accounting of hours and
   don't work further until more funds have been approved. Sending an accounting of hours every
   week, and having that kind of visibility and approval, gives us assurance that we're heading in a
   direction that our clients feel good about. As such, Client shall pay to Triangle the Fees in
   advance as follows:

a) The initial installment for ** hours of $\_\_** (the “Advance Amount”) shall be due and payable
upon the execution of this Engagement Agreement to be applied against the Fees that accrue during
the course of Triangle’s performance of the Services. Triangle shall deliver to Client an invoice
reflecting the Advance Amount upon the execution of this Engagement Agreement.

b) As Triangle performs the Services and the Fees in connection therewith accrue at the rate(s)
specified in Section 1 above, Triangle shall apply the Advance Amount in satisfaction of the same.
Triangle shall deliver to Client an invoice reflecting a subsequent Advance Amount once the hours
covered by the previously paid Advance Amount accrue to \_\_ hours or less.

c) On a weekly basis thereafter, Triangle shall deliver to Client an invoice reflecting the Advance
Amount less the aggregate Fees then accrued and applied against the Advance Amount as detailed
therein during the preceding calendar week.

d) Client acknowledges and understands that Triangle shall not be obligated to continue perform the
Services in the event the Advance Amount has been fully applied to the Fees then-accrued and that
Triangle may cease performance of the Services until it receives payment of the Advance Amount in
connection with a subsequent invoice.

e) Client acknowledges and understands that Triangle reserves the right to increase the hourly rate
to $225 per hour per person in the event the Advance Amount has been fully applied to the Fees
then-accrued and until it receives payment of the Advance Amount in connection with a subsequent
invoice.

f) In the event that upon the completion of the Services and final delivery of any work product
related thereto the balance of the Advance Amount exceeds the aggregate Fees accrued in connection
with the same, Triangle shall refund to Client such balance within 15 days after Client’s acceptance
of the Services and such work product in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the
Services Agreement.

Triangle will gladly offer estimates for additional specific deliverables upon request.

In Witness Whereof, the parties have executed this Engagement Letter.
